* we can talk to data base by writing statement in java, and to connect with data base we need 1. Drivers and also 2. Connection, Where driver 
  helps in making connection.
  
* And Driver also helps in converting the Java data types to Database data types

* for  connection we have in built classes JAVA.SQL, with the help of connection we can talk into database and will receive the result as RESULTSET

* There are 4 types of Drivers available in JAVA
  1. TYPE 1->JDBC-ODBC Bridge(Partial) -> Windows Provides a neutral Database called as ODBC which is present inside the system, Partial means->
                                          The program that is written to connect ODBC from java program is java but from ODBC to database can be 
                                          written in Java or can be in other languages we are not worried about that.
                                          Connecting from Java program to ODBC is called as driver
                                       
  2. TYPE 2->Native-API(Partial)-> Initially oracle was written in C, So it had created an interface to connect to Oracle database called as
                                   OCI(Oracle Calling Interface) which is written in C, So to connect from Java Program to OCI we use Driver
                                   which is written in java (TYPE 2), So that we can modify in database, So this is partial java and partial native
                                   So the driver we use to connect to OCI, is called as Native-API
                                   
  3. TYPE 3->Java-Net Protocol Driver(Pure)-> In this there is middle man(Server)  which talks to both Java Program and Database, So we use this
                                              driver(which is pure java) to communicate with server, Driver is not worried about other side of the 
                                              Server
                                              
  3. TYPE 4->Thin Driver(Pure)-> This is the driver which connect directly to the server without any middle man which is written in java
  
  
                                                  
                                                  Steps to write the JDBC program
1. Use Driver
2. Establish Connection
3. Create Statement
4. Execute Query
5. Get ResultSet